You're about to enter what's often considered
the most fun part of the entire nanodegree program.
Which is, you're going to learn about behavioral cloning.
But more importantly, you're going to play with simulation.
You're going to drive a car through simulating yourself,
and then you make a neural network copy you.
So, you'd be superfluous.
The neural network will watch you,
will watch your behavior.
The task for the neural network is to pick up your driving skill,
and copy it and do the same.
There's two ways to fail.
One is you know a network fails,
and second is that you use a lousy driver then find somebody else to drive for you.
But if you succeed,
you can take your brain,
you're driving smarts and input it into a new network that is super cool. So, have fun.